How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

Viewing a diff showed the lines that differed between the two files. It also
showed the text deleted from the old file and the text added to the new file.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

An old version of a file may be a good starting point for another project in
the future. Therefore having easy access to the entire history of a file gives
you more opportunities to reuse code.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you di in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
Docs does?

Pros: Committed versions are logical. Your commits are easier to use in the
future.

Cons: You may forget to commit an important change.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file
separately?

I think it depends on the purpose of the version control system. For some
applications, it does not make sense to safe every file with every commit.
Saving all files with every commit takes more resources than if you save only
one file for a commit. Multi-file commits make sense for computer program
version control.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

The command 'git log' will give you a list of all commits. Compare a commit to
the commit before it chronologically using 'git diff'. Comparing the files will
tell you how many changes and what changes were made to a given file.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

Using version control allows you to make changes and test different code
without losing your original working version. This is the case because you
version control saves versions of your old files when you commit them.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to tr using Git for?

I want to use Git to make writing code easier.

